---
title: Lesson 8 Blog 11/11/16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-8-blog-11/11/16/
source-id: 1dk_hqae8oj9I-j0ii8LbZAHb0xMJAo2a9OJEpCnuzH8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Computing Lesson 8</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>11/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have a well developed website with animated posts, an animated menu bar and a good colour scheme.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To know what to do next - to find out from others what is good and bad about this website and, therefore, how to improve.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> In a way, yes, I certainly found out what was good about it, although not a lot was found that was bad with it!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Once again, listening and note taking were my primary source of development - the majority of the lesson was peer assessment, so the most important thing was remembering what had been said. As I have said in multiple posts before now, my memory is absolutely terrible, meaning that I NEED to do a lot of quality, in-depth note taking so that I am not required to remember anything at all. This also helps me to think clearer due to the fact that I can solely think about the task at hand and not about what I didn't write down.
    Another method that helped me a lot was thinking flexibly; as most people who code will know, certain lines of code work in some cases and not in others. My flexible thinking allowed me to not think, 'This isn’t working, I’ll abandon it.’ but instead, ‘This isn’t working, what other methods are there?’. This is one of the main reasons that I have got so far in this project, I didn’t just give up when it didn’t work (which was quite often) but instead find another way.
    In the time I spent for homework, one major strategy that was effective was collaboration, I was emailing a friend who had found some issues on particular operating systems and areas that I hadn't checked as well as stylistic improvements. It was very useful to hear some comments from a reader and generally a different point of view.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During the lesson, there wasn’t really anything that limited me as I was only receiving information and, in my opinion, I produced notes of a high quality which was the only thing really required to be done in the lesson. Although, I could have improved my time management by not playing with the sections of my menu and instead working! Even though it is fun, it isn’t the best use of my time - I could have been making further improvements to my site or I could have been writing this blog post!
    In homework time, I was mainly limited by my lack of imagination and planning. I was adding extra things without any real idea of what I wanted the final outcome to be. This could easily be solved by planning - I could make a plan as either an image or any other form of documentation. I could then put notes on it of what commands to use or colours/fonts etc. to use. Then, as I’m making changes, I could refer to this plan. Then, eventually, I would have a very good website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The peer assessment revealed that the text on blog posts like this one is unclear and, I think, has been fixed by making the text-shadow darker. Another improvement was grammar, I was recommended to read through all my blog posts out loud. I did this and found a few mistakes in various posts. If I hadn’t have done this, I probably wouldn’t have noticed. The grammar and vocabulary used on these posts is a very significant factor in the impression people get of this blog and me as a person.
    I could also improve by, as said earlier, having a definitive plan - this would mean that I know exactly what I’m doing and how I make the changes as they could affect how well the rest of this site fits in, therefore saving me time when I get round to making the later changes. I think that I need this as, for the majority of the time, I’m making changes without a real purpose. I don’t really know what I’m aiming for! I think that this would also help in other subjects like English and History because essays are easier to write with plans and so practicing that skill will help with more than just this blog.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


