---
title: Lesson 5 Blog 11/10/16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-5-blog-8/10/16/
source-id: 1dgOzAxtce8hF4SR2-mupHxeNfvOEtQ-tNdE_EBllrMc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title:</th>
    <th>Computing Lesson 5</th>
    <th>Date:</th>
    <th>8/10/16</th>
    </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I have a website that looks (in my opinion) quite good and has been customised a lot</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To create a spreadsheet that can calculate the costs of an order  (new, unrelated topic)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>Yes, I now have such a spreadsheet available in my Google Drive</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The best method that I used today was probably taking notes as I have a very odd memory that is amazing at remembering facts, language and numbers but refuses to memorise other things such as instructions! So note taking allowed me to be able to follow the instructions despite my lack of capabilities to remember it naturally. Over homework time, both research and problem-solving contributed greatly to the development of this website; it allowed me to make the image-text post icon things (I made that up) and then, more importantly, make it work in this website - which took A LOT of time and effort.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was, again, only limited, really, by my complete and utter lack of decent taste in colours and styling. This was the main thing that prevented my progress on this website along with the time that I am willing to put into it. However, on my spreadsheet, the only thing that was holding me back was my horrific lack of memory in certain areas. This caused me to forget how to do certain things resulting in me spending extra time that could be spent fiddling around with CSS, attempting to redeem my terrible taste by adding stylistic elements but, inevitably, to no avail - just my luck!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The only thing that I would change for next time would be taking more, in depth notes so that my most peculiar memory is not required to remember anything (but, if I needed to remember something, I would forget that thing anyway and then probably forget to ask somebody to tell me what it was I forgot… I love my life). This improved note taking would probably end up in improved results throughout the lesson and homeworks and, due to me not scouring my memory for the correct answer and even guessing sometimes, I should have more time in order to progress further in lessons and at home. Hopefully I won't forget to do the better note taking if nothing else!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


