---
title: Lesson 9 Blog 18/11/16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-9-blog-18/11/16/
source-id: 15z84iPvlt-6jz1SHt2FxunMCSRmDSfsVdqwHq66rsao
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title:</th>
    <th>Computing Lesson 9</th>
    <th>Date:</th>
    <th>18/11/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I had just made a new design, but it had a few flaws with sizing and shadows which I needed to solve.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To fix the certain blog problems stated above in order to make a professional looking website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes, although there will always be things to improve, this is far from the end of my edits.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of the main things that I did well this week, both in homework time and in the lesson was applying past knowledge. In the past few years, I have learnt a small amount of HTML which enabled me to have a greater understanding of what was going on in both the index.html and layout documents. It also greatly assisted me in developing the style of my blog, it meant that I could effectively make edits with the knowledge of what I was changing and how to go about it. 
    I also used a lot of research as, there were a lot of issues with the design of my blog that I didn't know how to solve but I was still able to solve by looking up the answers on the internet. There was also, like last lesson, a small a,pint of collaboration through emails, I found a lot of issues from this and also how to solve them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited, this time, by the amount of time I devoted to doing this project, I still have a few problems that I need to sort out, but I haven't yet solved the, because I didn’t devote enough time during homework. I think that this would allow me to develop my website further because I could solve the issues that I have quicker and make things look nicer! I think that, just 10 minutes every now and then would benefit me greatly, I think that, simply with this, I would be able to improve my blog much quicker and more effectively without spending too much time on it.
    Not only will this provide a good break from long homeworks but also a productive and, for me, enjoyable activity. This also contributes significantly to my computing grade at the end of the year, so is very important.
    Ironically, I was also limited by my lack of prior knowledge which slowed me down due to the fact that I had to do research to solve my issues mid-edit. Speed is one of the many things that I could always improve, it would help because it would mean that I could make more changes to make your experience better as a user and also start these blog posts within the lesson time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I could change by altering my attitude in homework time - I could, as said earlier, spend the odd 10 minutes on my blog. This would improve it very quickly, especially if it was regular, I would be able to change a lot of elements in my blog in order to improve it stylistically. I would also be able to develop my skills in CSS and HTML in general.
    It may also aid my entire attitude towards school homework - the entire practice of doing work little and often may benefit me greatly in that I will be used to doing it and will, therefore, assume the good habits which, I think, will push me forward, even in subjects completely unrelated as it is a very good learning and revision strategy.
    Another thing that I would change for next lesson is the speed at which I work, I don’t think that I work fast enough and that I could definitely improve, as most people could. This would allow me to get onto extension tasks and finish to a better standard as well as maybe having time to write these blogs within the lesson time period. Therefore saving me time at home that could be devoted to either other homework or further blog development.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


