---
title: Lesson 2 Blog 16-09-16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-2-blog-16/09/16/
source-id: 1ODHWiZcSTGagHjahGhmAXrECnr_XtxAImVh9PUMokHo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title:</th>
    <th>CSS - making my blog look good</th>
    <th>Date:</th>
    <th>16/09/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>My website and first blog is running and online</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To change the look of my website so that it's pretty</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> I partially achieved it - I recoloured it so that it’s nice but my website could still benefit from a bit more work on the CSS.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Again, I used note taking which was effective because it meant that I could effectively recall all of the instructions that I was given during the lesson even after the lesson. I also found that this lesson, allowing other people to solve their own problems was effective in allowing me to get on with my work and also to ensure I fulfill my potential work output.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found that the only thing that limited my learning this lesson was the time given to me - I need to consider devoting more homework time to IT. This will enable me to get more done and make further progress in this project. This could potentially mean that I can achieve higher grades due to the fact that I will be able to do more. I also tend not to start straight away.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will attempt to remind myself to do more homework by writing myself notes in my planner or set a reminder on my iPad. This will ensure that I make the maximum progress possible in this project so that I will be able to achieve the higher grades. I could also start quicker which would enable me to produce more in the lessons and the time available to me during IT lessons.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


