---
title: Lesson 4 Blog 30-09-16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-4-blog-30/09/16/
source-id: 106N-7LuRcmk_M0wkXFM44zTpMo_RkQwr1EyMHm_D-tQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Computing Lesson 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>30/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have a half-developed website with most things in order.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>This lesson, I aim to further develop my website aesthetically</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I am very close to reaching my target and, hopefully, by now (when you are reading this) it is better and doesn't make you cringe!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think this lesson, my best strategy was research, this meant that I could find good looking colour schemes despite my lack of decent taste in that area. It also meant that I could find out how to make additional stylistic adjustments to my website so that it doesn't look like a website from the 90’s! It has (hopefully) made my website look cleaner and vaguely bearable.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main thing that limited my learning was my imagination! I just couldn't think what to do to improve the look of my website no matter how bad it looked. I was also, again, limited by my willingness to help others. This meant that I spent the majority of my time helping others solve problems which they could, mostly, solve themselves. This was annoying but I find both coding and helping others enjoyable and fulfilling.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I could improve my learning by applying logic to how terrible my website actually looks and how to improve it rather than obliviously blundering on, believing that my website actually didn’t make readers throw up in their minds. I could also improve by simply spending more time for homework improving my website as at the moment it is in disarray due to a failed navigation bar that I attempted today.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


