---
title: Lesson 6 Blog 14-10-16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-6-blog-14/10/16/
source-id: 1rxhQjXGl36MafL1fvWxKXmF8L2mAiYutgQXz6MXRfMg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title:</th>
    <th> Computing Lesson 6</th>
    <th>Date:</th>
    <th>14/10/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I have a simple spreadsheet that can process shopping orders</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To further develop my spreadsheet and make it more 'independent'</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> I have made my spreadsheet completely independent and it can fully process orders</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt best through taking notes and problem solving - I think it allowed me to develop my spreadsheet so that I could achieve my target for this lesson. It meant that I could, despite my ignorance, solve the problems that I faced when I destroyed my spreadsheet through a lack of common sense! I managed to fix the problems by looking up the answers on the internet, a skill that I increasingly believe my peers are lacking.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by the fact that I am not willing to put in a lot of extra effort into my work in order to improve it even more. I feel that I should devote more of my time to school work in general, because of the importance of my work in comparison to most other things in my life. I think that, if I try, I can vastly improve my work which, as you can see, is relatively good but could still be improved. These improvements are being stopped due to my lack of imagination in general.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I could improve by, as I said earlier, putting more effort into the work that I do during the lessons and in homework time (along with simply devoting more of my time, which seems mostly to be wasted in futility on games and other pastimes that support my theory that my generation shares the majority of its traits with moths due to their inability to avoid anything with lights in or on it - mainly in the form of screens.
    Overall, I could definitely improve the quality of my work but my imagination is the main thing that is restricting me. The main way that I think of improvements is through looking at other people's work and general examples from the internet.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


