---
title: Lesson 1 Blog 10-09-16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-1-blog-10-09-16/
source-id: 1YhXMx-M1y-rwMLtFRxmoUuWzKop5abiNNBr0K_AcMMY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <th>Computing Lesson 1</th>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>10/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>No progress - beginning of project</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes, my website is successfully published at https://benleedcgs.github.io/</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that, during the course of this lesson, I used effective techniques - such as note taking and independence. This aided me to get this post online! It meant that I could follow the instructions given to me effectively and without requiring help from either my peers or teacher. Independence also benefitted me by meaning that I could effectively work on my own.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited in this lesson by my habits of helping others - I often sidetracked and this resulted in me not fulfilling my capabilities and I didn't do as well or as much as I could have done during the lesson. It also meant that I was not fully concentrating during the lesson duration resulting, again, in me not fulfilling my capabilities and possibly losing me grades.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I could improve by telling others to attempt to sort the problem themselves or simply ignoring them and getting on with my own work and instead helping them once I have completed the work rather than while I am in the process of completing it. This will ensure that I am not distracted while working increasing my efficiency and productivity during lessons. It will also mean that I can then focus completely on helping my peers as I will complete the activities quicker and be able to divert my full attention to helping them.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


