---
title: Lesson 7 Blog 24/10/16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-7-blog-24/10/16/
source-id: 1JT7sajSZ0eTWyd2J0PeUAkDhZTSj48RhbzTTM1ddw1Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title:</th>
    <th>Computing Lesson 7</th>
    <th>Date:</th>
    <th>24/10/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>A half developed spreadsheet that works independently</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To have multiple sheets and a spreadsheet that looks nice including discounts, employees and profits/losses</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Eventually, yes, despite many setbacks and time-consuming fixes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the most effective strategy that I used during the lesson was listening! This allowed me to acquire a greater understanding of both what was required as well as what I needed to do to achieve those requirements. This was greatly assisted by my notetaking which counteracted my woeful memory which would only enable me to remember what the lesson was - not even the date!
    During the time I devoted to it outside of school, I worked best by simply persevering; I was spending a lot of my time with '#ERROR!' displaying in many of the cells on my spreadsheet (particularly the ones to do with the voucher codes) but carried on and managed to fix the errors.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Although, compared to previous weeks, there was very little stopping me working or slowing me down, the main limitation that hindered my learning in the lesson was a lack of realisation - I seemed to spend the majority of that lesson trying to fix my voucher problems leaving most of the spreadsheet not even started. This meant that a lot of time was wasted; i could probably have finished most of the work in the lesson and then done the vouchers, which were not a necessity, for homework time.
   Then, in homework time, I was greatly delayed by, once again, my lack of a decent memory which caused me to forget my iPad passcode, having changed it around 10 minutes earlier! This meant that I spent a lot of my time attempting to resurrect my iPad from complete data loss before realising not only that there was no solution due to ios 10’s updated security measures which disabled all access to the internal storage when the device was locked with a passcode but also that I had a backup available to restore from.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve, I could avoid both changing and forgetting my iPad passcode! Allowing me to more efficiently spend my homework time.
    I could also improve by focussing on the whole project rather than just one tiny element which was, in this case, not even required. If I did focus on the whole thing then I would probably get the whole thing done and get it done quicker than I would otherwise.
    I’m beginning to notice that most of these improvements are working on reducing the time that I spend during lessons and homework time and how to both reduce it and make better use of it. Hopefully this project (blog) will help improve that as I am terrible at making good use of my time currently, as these posts are highlighting.
  Maybe, by the end, I will have one post where there are no improvements...</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<p>

</p>
<iframe style="border-radius: 15px; box-shadow: 1px 1px 8px rgba(0, 0,0, 0.3);" height="350px" width="720px" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IWue9ubHKM9o78Gpd7zDvijJZm7BlcpLAPiny3tAxA0/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>
