---
title: Lesson 3 Blog 24-09-16
layout: post
author: ben.lee
permalink: /lesson-3-blog-24/09/16/
source-id: 1hBDZbX1MSGQSKT6WGxYLV5CfqknOJIgCOOGK6beojVg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title:</th>
    <th>Computing Lesson 3</th>
    <th>Date:</th>
    <th>24/09/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I started with a part developed website that needed a lot of work stylistically.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>Continue restyling your website using CSS.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes but there is still more work to do in colour schemes and uniformity of my tables.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt best in this lesson through research, using websites such as w3schools and designschool to investigate methods through which I could improve my website over the course of the lesson. I also learnt by, once again, note taking, this meant that I can record important information that is required during the lesson so that I can remember it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson, my bad habit returned - I began helping others again meaning that I was not devoting either my full concentration or time to my own work so that I didn't have time to do everything that I could possibly have done within the time period. This also meant that those that I was helping did not learn as much, they rely on me to solve their problems rather than them solving the problems themselves.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As has previously been my target, I need to improve by not helping others as often, if at all, and instead continuing with my own work ensuring that I achieve the best possible outcome. It also means that my peers will learn more as they will be required to solve their own problems and the act of finding out how to do so will increase their understanding of the content discovered in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


